Submit improvements (#95)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Contributing to PrestaShop-specs

PrestaShop is an open source e-commerce solution. Everyone is welcome and even encouraged to contribute with their own improvements to the specifications.

**This repository is dedicated to the specifications of the PrestaShop project.** 

Want to contribute to the source code of PrestaShop? Go to the [PrestaShop repository](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop).

## How to contribute

There are 3 types of contributions, and all types need your help. ;-)

### Improve existing specifications

When reading some specifications, if you notice improvements to be made, feel free to propose them! These improvements should only impact the way specifications are written and not the specifications and behaviors themselves.

Examples: you can fix typos, optimize the syntax, add visuals, more details, etc.

### Add missing specifications

> We add and complete the specifications progressively, although a lot is missing for the moment. You can trust us, we know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We add and complete the specifications progressively, although a lot is missing for the moment. You can trust us, we are aware of it.
```

So you might want to write specifications for these existing features. Here, specifications are to defined the current behavior in the latest stable version of PrestaShop.

To do so, please use the template at the end of this page and read some examples before, you can look at this repository or the [templates folder](/spec-templates).

### Specify new features

Everytime we decide to build a new feature, we must write specifications to guide the developers through the feature's development - and thus through the feature's future improvements!

## Process to follow

We expect contributors to follow these instructions:

### If you feel comfortable working with Git and forking the project

> 1. Fork the PrestaShop project to your Github account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create your GitHub account, if you do not have one already.
```

> 2. Clone your fork to your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fork the PrestaShop project to your Github account.
```

> 3. Create a branch in your local clone for your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Clone your fork to your local machine.
```

> 4. Change the files in your branch. Make sure they meet our [coding standards](https://devdocs.prestashop.com/1.7/development/coding-standards).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a branch in your local clone for your changes.
```

> 5. Push the changed branch to your fork in your GitHub account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Change the files in your branch. Make sure they meet our [coding standards](https://devdocs.prestashop.com/1.7/development/coding-standards).
```

> 6. Create a pull request for your changes on the PrestaShop project. If you need help to make a pull request, read the GitHub help page about creating pull requests.

Author: Link missing.

Reviewer: solved in the sugestion

> 6. Create a pull request for your changes on the PrestaShop project. If you need help to make a pull request, read the GitHub help page about creating pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Push the changed branch to your fork in your GitHub account.
```

> 7. Wait for one of the product manager to either include your change in the codebase or comment on possible adjustements to its content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Create a pull request for your changes on the PrestaShop project. If you need help to make a pull request, read the GitHub help page about [creating pull requests](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Wait for one of the product managers to either include your change in the codebase or comment on possible adjustments to its content.

```
